README: Update link to the current production CI (#463)
coreos/fedora-coreos-pipeline: README.md

[HACKING](HACKING.md).

The production instance is running in

> [Fedora CI](https://jenkins-fedora-coreos-pipeline.apps.ocp.fedoraproject.org/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
an [OpenShift cluster](https://jenkins-fedora-coreos-pipeline.apps.ocp.fedoraproject.org/) in Fedora's infrastructure
```
